Cat, you had some other examples. Do you
want to show?
>> Yeah. One uh one that I think is cool,
it was a just a oneshot example of um
being able to create a airplane safety
style uh cartoon from a given prompt.
So, I obviously went with Amomar stole
my conference room because we work in
the same office and this happens a lot.
And what this will do is go talk to the
model and generate a little, you know,
like the safety card you get in the back
of your plane seat cartoon. And um I
think what's cool about this is this is
something that uh you know would have
been possible with our first version of
the nano banana model but just keeps
getting better. And I think to what
Nicole was mentioning the rate of
improvement on this model space has been
incredible to see over the past nine
months. I mean we all work together on
the early previews of these models and
the tasks that used to be difficult to
do are now flawless. Um, so we can see
my nice cartoon of a of a stealing my
conference room and me crying behind
some boxes.
>> Oh, that's so sad.
>> This is Yeah,
this is pretty much how it feels to work
together.
>> No way. No way. What was step three on
the list? What did it say?
>> Initial resource. You
>> requisition protocol.
>> Yeah. Request form, clipboard, and a
pen. Looking determined.
Uh, but I think this is a is also a
testament to the style control with this
model that I think airline safety card
is a pretty specific style, but it feels
exactly like that, which is very cool to
see. And then one other quick one uh
that'll just show an example output is
uh for my photography side quests which
clearly aren't going great since I
scored a 68 by the model but I uploaded
one of my photos asked for an analysis
of you know how it ranks relative to
photography composition standards. Um
and again wasn't
>> Chicago. Where is that picture from?
>> New York Logan.
>> The world's not centered in Chicago.
>> I thought it was Lincoln Park. And then
one of the things you can do is have it
give you an updated version that would
better follow the rule of thirds
composition. So in this case, I can see
a slight reframing of the same photo but
better aligned with the rule of thirds.
It's a bit hard to see, but you can see
the sort of grid outline here and how
this photo better ranks up with uh the
grid layout. And I think this is a super
cool example of how good the consistency
of this model is and kind of the applied
world knowledge of
>> it is shifting the camera angle but
keeping the buildings consistent and
keeping the
>> you know colors of the leaves and the
scenery around uh very consistent. So
very cool to see how this can be applied
in the sort of protype scenarios. Uh
obviously a pro photographer here. So
yeah, another cool example of uh yeah,
this model being applied in in
photography cases.
>> That's awesome. Well, and and just to
clarify, you vibe coded this app.
>> I vibe coded this in two prompts. Uh
wow.
>> You had did you tweet a version of this?
Like
>> so I tweet Oh, yes. I forgot to shout. I
tweeted a version of this created last
week uh with Gemini 2.5 and the old
Gemini Flash model. Uh and someone
actually replied,
>> "You should It was just an analysis. Uh,
so it just gave you feedback on the
photo and they said you should make it
so it can generate a new version with
nano banana and now we can with this new
model
>> with flash. It was yeah a little high
quality but this I mean clearly pro
nails it. So
>> yeah, shout out to the app mentioners.
>> I love it. I love it. We do have there's
a tweet somewhere of ideas. Are people
sending us ideas for this live stream? I
have no idea. Is that is that real? No.
Maybe. So I don't know. I don't know if
that's real. That's what the rumors are
saying.